This is the helpinfo file used to populate the help rich text box.

Top menu drop down items
  Add CSV to DB:
	Add Data from CSV: Add all data in MyData.csv to the Items, Groups and Tags tables.
	Add Items to CSV: Add data in the MyData.csv to the Items table.
	Add Groups from CSV: Add data in the MyGroups.csv to the Groups table.
	Add Tags from CSV: Add data in the MyTags.csv to the Tags table.
	Delete All Data: Remove all data from the SQLite tables.
	Export Data to CSV:  Save the pack items data to a CSV file.

  List View:
	This is where the gear list is created.  There may be multiple packs, shelters and so on.
	For each different adventure you may need different gear.  Tags are a great to differential this gear for different types of trips.
	multiple tags are allowed.
	Some of The columns are sortable for view purposes.  The default sort order is by group name list order and item.
	Filtering of the data can be done by group, tag, new, OR selected items.
	The pack weight is calculated for the groups and the overall total.  These are check box items
	The List is saved as a CSV file based on the selection criteria.  The CSV may be used to review weights or print lists with weights.
	The list of items is saved as a PDF in single column or multi-column.  Only the group and item is saved in the PDF.

  Help:
	Display this help information.

Top menu tabs
  Items: Display the items in the table.  
	Details are displayed and can be edited on the right side of the form.
	The data may alos be edited directly in the table, with the exception of read only fields listed below.
	All weight is entered by grams.  The ounces are then calculated.  The lb and oz columns are also calculated.
	The tags column is read only.  Use the form on the right to select the tags to be applied to the item.

	Read only fields: ounces, lb, oz, tags

	The items can be searched.  Enter the value to be search in the text box on the bottom left.  
	Searchable values are item, group, and tag.
	Push the search button next to the text box to search by that value.  A blank value will select all items.
	There are also 2 buttons to search by all New and Selected items.

	The intention for new new is these are items that are to be purchased.
	The intention for selected is these are the items that will be selected to take along on the trip.
	The addition of tags allows for greater granularity.

  Groups:
	Edit the groups for the gear items.  There is alos a list order.  This is used when building the gear list for you next adventure.
	Only one group is allowed for each item.
	
  Tags:
	These can be helpful to organize items and search for items.  This will allow you to classify items beyond the gear groupings.
	For example, a tag may be used for winter hiking and another for summer.  Maybe you have gear for float trips.
	These tags will allow you to build list based on these tags.

Search features
	Below the Items are text boxes and search buttons.  These allow for searching by item, group or tag.
	There are also search buttons for all new and selected items.
	
	* Only one filter is applied at a time.

Status bar at the bottom displays actions and results.  This is more for trouble shooting, but also displays what is happening in the background

Hints:
	The use of the selected test box is how I originally used this in a spreadsheet.  This is the simplest method
	to create a list for your next adventure.
	The addition of tags can further enhance the list creation.  Use the tags to identify items that are to be taken on a specific trip.
	For example:
		use float tag for all the items that would be needed when taking a trip on a bod of water.
		use summer for all the items used on a summer packback trip
		use winter for the items necessary for a cold adventure.
	Another way to use tags is for weight comparison.  All shelter items could be tagged shelter.
	Be creative with the tags to slice and dice the list.
